Everybody, I'm standing live at the temple where I told everybody.
Is it there? Are people watching? I think so. Good shot. Is it live?
Is it working? Jesus Christ is coming. It's working. She said thumbs up.
All right. So, are people watching? All right. Oh, hello. I see everybody. I see them in the chat.
I was going to tell y'all, I am standing right now at the location during the eclipse where it will be full right now, I guess, in Oklahoma.
But I'm standing at the temple where they will worship the Antichrist one day.
And I'm telling y'all, it's coming. I believe with all my heart, Jesus Christ is coming, and he's coming soon.
Is this a sign for Israel? No. This is a sign for America to repent.
I believe with all my heart we're seeing a major opportunity for America to turn from its wicked ways and repent.
And Jesus wants to forgive us and heal our land. Just a little bit ago, around the sun, we had a massive rainbow.
It was in the clouds, and I thought it was the coolest thing ever with the sun and the rainbow there.
So I was just like, 'Wow, another cool thing happening as we speak.'But this is where they will worship the Antichrist one day.
All these fields will be packed full of people on Fridays, all lined up worshiping the Antichrist.
And I believe with all my heart you have time to repent. I believe with all my heart you have time to change and ask Jesus to be your Lord and Savior.
This is a time for you. You woke up today. What are you going to do with today?
I was talking to my son and said, 'You know what? There's still time.
There's still time for people to give their heart to Jesus, but I'm telling you that time is running out.'It's like the hourglass and the sands of time.
We're running out of that time because Jesus Christ is about to come back and get his church.
And at that time, it's over. But today is your day of salvation. Today is your day of repentance. You can do it.
You can turn from your wicked ways and make Jesus your Lord and Savior.
Don't be one of the people that's going to one day be in this field worshiping the Antichrist, because there's going to be a time it's going to happen.
And I'm telling you, I've seen it. I stood here with Jesus. It was actually right over there.
I stood with Jesus and I watched the people on these massive screens.
They're going to be on the side of these buildings and they're going to project it on Fridays, and you'll be made to worship him here at this place right here.
And I don't say that to freak everybody out, but I'm just being real.
It happens, you know. But as it gets darker and darker, we're seeing another sign.
And I just thought I would come on, go live, and show you all around what the eclipse looks like.
It's kind of cool. It still has that halo a little bit. Yeah, a little bit.
All right. Right there. There you go. You can kind of see it. Such a creepy building, isn't it?
Yeah, the people have no idea what's coming. A lot of people don't.
It just freaks me out. I mean, clear to the curbs, y'all. They come from all around these towns.
And they're all in a single-file line and they're at a little mat and they have white outfits on and it all happens right here.
And it happens all the way around it. It's a big place. It's a lot of land here.
But a lot of beautiful little homes, but all that's not going to matter.
You know, the economy and everything. Everything's going to go to one world government.
The chips, all of it. The drones flying in the air. It's going to be crazy.
But I just, like I said, I just wanted to come on and do a little video for y'all and tell you it's something so spiritual for me. I know that Jesus is coming soon. I can feel it regardless.
Like I said, people go, 'Well, you're quoting dates and times and all that,'and I said, 'No, I'm not.'If you're spiritually discerning and you have any kind of spiritual discernment at all, seriously, you're going to know where we are in the end times.
We're right there. You can feel it, you know. Even my little girl can feel it.
But I don't know. It's kind of cool. But I wasn't going to make it a long video.
I just wanted to tell y'all Jesus loves you. He wants the best.
800 people watching. Oh, really? 849? Yeah. You can turn around and flip it so you can see your face.
You want to do that? So you can watch the live chat while I'm talking.
Okay. I haven't done all that stuff. I just wanted to show them the grounds of where it will be one day.
How cool it is. Can you still see it up there? Yeah. And it's kind of even interesting.
I believe, you know, as things get darker and darker, the light's going to get brighter and brighter because 'Arise, shine, for your light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.'I believe with all my heart that, and even what the word says, we're going to see Joel chapter 2.
I believe with all my heart we're going to see a major outpouring of the spirit of God like we've never seen before, right before the catching away of the church.
I believe it will be a revival that doesn't last a long time like Azusa Street; I believe it lasted like three or four years.
I don't remember exactly, but this revival will last probably for what I perceived whenever I was with Jesus, when I could see over into the revival, that it was only probably close to six months at the most.
I mean, I'm just saying. And people were getting healed and saved by the thousands before he came.
And so, we're right there. I believe we're going to see that revival soon and hopefully get a whole bunch of people saved.
Billion Harvest at least, you know. I don't know. I'm believing big.
Let's believe big. Believe big or go home, right before we go home.
But isn't it a really creepy building? Yeah. I mean, seriously, it's such a creepy building.
All that is old stained glass windows and the gargoyle things on the top.
It's just creepy. I don't know why he chose it here. This is a Freemason temple, by the way.
It's a Freemason temple, and it's one of the largest ones in America. That's where this is.
It was the original capital of Oklahoma before they stole the seal and took it to Oklahoma City where it's at now.
This was going to be Oklahoma City. But I just thought it was cool just to show you all where we are.
What are they saying? Do they have any questions? 'Very creepy.'Yeah, it's creepy.
From Cyprus. Yeah. The light is shining weird. 'So pretty but creepy.'Yeah, it's creepy.
They say you lost a lot of weight. A lot of people are saying you lost a lot of weight.
Oh, yeah. I'm working hard at it. Eating right and exercising every day. I just got to do what the Lord told me to do.
He said, 'Brandon, I put a mandate on you to get 100 pounds off.'And whenever the Lord tells you something, he talks to me like that.
I'm going to do what he says because I know what's coming. I saw the 350 million people pass.
I saw them and tents full of people for the plague that's coming. 30 million people will perish in America alone.
And I'm telling you it's linked to obesity and it's linked to diabetes and heart disease and things like that.
I didn't have any of those things, but the Lord was warning me for a reason. He said, "You have to live long and finish strong, Brennan.
You can't be obese anymore."I believe it's a wakeup call for things that are coming, but I really appreciate all the comments.
Everybody's always being really kind about my weight. It's been a lot of work.
I've worked really hard at it over the last three months now. I'm down 55 pounds, almost 60 pounds.
It's coming off a little slower than it was at the beginning, but it's coming off.
It's inches now. It seems like I was a size 4X in a shirt and now I'm down to a large.
I got a new shirt and it's a large. People are saying they like your new shirt.
They do? Yeah, they like it. I got a large shirt, so I was excited to be able to fit a large today.
I said, "Praise the Lord, it's coming off."I don't know if I'll get down to a size medium.
I kind of want to be a loose large, maybe. I've still got forty-some pounds left for what the Lord told me to get to.
That's a lot, but I'll get there one day at a time. Eating right and exercising—it's weird.
I hope this video is not boring. I just wanted to do something for you all to show you how close we are to Jesus coming.